=head1 NAME

CSV::Serializer - A CSV Serializer

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use CSV::Serializer;
  
  warn CSV::Serializer->serialize_line([$value1, $value2, $value3]);
  
  warn CSV::Serializer->serialize_lines([
      [$value1, $value2, $value3],
      [$value4, $value5, $value6, $value7],
  ]);
  
  $csv = CSV::Serializer->new;
  $csv->replace_newlines(1);
  warn $csv->serialize_line([$value1, $value2, $value3]);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<CSV::Serializer> class is a CSV serializer that can generate a
conforming C<text/csv> data.

=head1 METHODS

All methods are class methods.  Note that inputs and outputs of these
methods are considered as character (i.e. utf8-flaged) strings.

=over 4

=item $csv = CSV::Serializer->new

Create a new instance of CSV serializer.  Although some methods below
can be used as class method, you can instantiate the class such that
options for serialization can be specified.

=item TEXT = CSV::Serializer->serialize_lines(DATA)

=item TEXT = $csv->serialize_lines(DATA)

Generates a CSV data from the input data.  The input data have to be
an array reference (which represents the entire CSV data) of array
references (which represents lines in the CSV).

=item TEXT = CSV::Serializer->serialize_line(DATA)

=item TEXT = $csv->serialize_line(DATA)

Generates a CSV line data, with trailing line break, from the input
data.  The input data have to be an array reference which represents a
line in CSV.

=item TEXT = CSV::Serializer->serialize_record(DATA)

=item TEXT = $csv->serialize_record(DATA)

Generates a CSV record, without trailing line break, from the input
data.  The input data have to be an array reference which represents a
line in CSV.

=item $csv->replace_newlines(BOOL)

If specified to a true value, any newline character (CR, LF, or CRLF
sequence) is replaced by space character (SP).  Otherwise, they are
left as is (within quote characters).

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

RFC 4180 <http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4180>.

=head1 HISTORY

=over 4

=item 1.0 (2010-08-06)

First version.

=item 2.0 (2012-09-04)

Added C<replace_newlines> option.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba (id:wakabatan) <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

This module was initially developed as part of Hatena Translator
project.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2010-2012 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/>.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
